Replaced IRC mentions with Matrix equivalents. (#7037)
mdn/kuma: docs/deploy.rst

  * Look at the changes to be pushed (`What's Deployed on Kuma`_, and
    `What's deployed on KumaScript`_). To enlist the help of pull request
    authors and others, you can report bug numbers and PRs in IRC.
    ``firebot`` will give handy links to Bugzilla.
    authors and others, you can report bug numbers and PRs in Matrix.
  * Think about manual tests to confirm the code changes work without errors.
  * Monitor the push in the ``#mdndev`` IRC channel. The final messages
    (one for kuma, one for kumascript) look like::

>         🎉 SUCCESS: Check Rollout Status: Branch stage-push build #104:

Reviewer: This could be replaced with:
```
  * Monitor the push in the ``#mdn-infra`` Slack channel. The final messages
    (one for kuma, one for kumascript) look like::

        🎉 SUCCESS Check Rollout Status
        🎉 SUCCESS Record Rollout
```

  on homepage and article pages. Try to verify features in the newly pushed
  code. Check the `functional tests`_.

> * Announce in Matrix (#mdn) that staging looks good, and you are pushing to production.

Reviewer 2: No, this is invalid but instead of removing, let's make a bit more true. 
```suggestion
* Announce in Slack (#mdn-dev) that staging looks good, and you are pushing to production.
```

    git push
    cd ..

* Monitor the push in the ``#mdndev`` IRC channel. The final messages (one
  for kuma, one for kumascript) are something like::

>     🎉 SUCCESS: Check Rollout Status: Branch prod-push build #7

Reviewer: This could be replaced with:
```
  * Monitor the push in the ``#mdn-infra`` Slack channel. The final messages
    (one for kuma, one for kumascript) look like::

        🎉 SUCCESS Check Rollout Status
        🎉 SUCCESS Record Rollout
```

    git merge --ff-only origin/master
    git push
    cd ..

* Monitor the push in the ``#mdndev`` IRC channel. The final messages (one
  for kuma, one for kumascript) are something like::

>     🎉 SUCCESS: Check Rollout Status: Branch standby-push build #7

Reviewer: This could be replaced with:
```
  * Monitor the push in the ``#mdn-infra`` Slack channel. The final messages
    (one for kuma, one for kumascript) look like::

        🎉 SUCCESS Check Rollout Status
        🎉 SUCCESS Record Rollout
```
